Abstract
Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a network architecture for deep learning that learns directly from data. CNN are used to obtain patterns from images to recognize objects, classes, and categories. These are used to classify audio, time series, and signal data. MobileNet is a CNN architecture that is developed to build light-weight deep neural networks. Image classification categorizes the input images into pre-defined labels or categories. This study is performed to detect the quality of Medium Density Fiberboard (MDF) wooden panels. This model learns from the image dataset of wooden panels and produces accurate results. The panels are suitable for many kinds of interior styles. The panels can be made of MDF or woods such as high-quality spruce or pine. This experiment focuses on the quality of the MDF panels and the wooden panels of various sizes, which might differ in length, depth and thickness. The analysis aims to detect the quality of wooden panels using a CNN architecture called MobileNet. The CNN is trained with three categories; PASS, FAIL, and empty, with each category containing 1000 samples. The samples containing high-quality panels were categorized as PASS, and broken or defective panels were categorized as FAIL. If there are no panels, then the CNN defaults to the empty category.

Conclusion
The defect detection of MDF fiberboard or wooden panels has high demand in the furniture industry, products for homes, offices, shops, organizations, or institutions. Therefore, a defect detection process called MobileNet is used for checking the quality of a wooden panel by applying a convolutional neural network algorithm to achieve better accuracy. MobileNet algorithm was used to get the best performance in fault detection. The performance of MobileNet is with the highest recall of 0,99 compared with other existing models. The outcome of the study is to achieve high accuracy quality detection of wooden panels using computer vision approaches. In this study, this model was tested over ten different samples of wooden panel for defect detection using one of the neural network approaches. It is possible to apply the same technique over the other neural network models with more samples in the future. A newly intelligent artificial intelligence based model will apply in the future to demonstrate the different defects in the wooden panel.
